Previously on Z Nation...
CITIZEN Z: There is a man
travelling among you.
He's the only human known
to have survived a zombie bite.
(SCREAMS)
The Centers for Disease Control
is offering
an enormous bounty
for Murphy's safe delivery.
Lot of people looking for you,
Mr Murphy.
- He's our prisoner.
- Well, he's my prisoner now.
She's right. We got dibs on him.
I ain't going anywhere
with any of you.
Cassandra!
What did you do to her?
Saved her life. What did you do?
- Mack!
-(SCREAMS)
(SNARLS)
(GUNSHOT)
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-
(THUNDER ROLLS)
(MOTOR RUNS)
(ENGINES SHUT OFF)
Dibs on any cigarettes.
- Those things will kill you.
-(ZOMBIES SNARL)
- Whoa!
- What?
Every blaster within five miles
heard that.
Don't be so negative.
Worry is poison.
That's why you don't crap right.
Shut up and get the spikes.
Nothing here.
Ray-Ray?
-(YELLS)
-(ZOMBIE GROWLS)
(CONTINUES YELLING)
(SKULL CRUSHING
AND SQUELCHING)
(GASPING)
We are going
the wrong direction. Again.
You left us no choice.
Too much fallout in the west.
Again. That was not my fault.
Murphy, don't make me
have to explain the term
'failsafe doomsday weapon'
again, please.
How do you even know
California's still there?
You're looking ripe.
You better hope it's still there. Move.
You are not the boss of me.
She is.
I can handle this.
Move.
Gladly.
You'll get used to him.
10K, let me see your scope.
WARREN: Oh, looky here.
What are we gonna do about her?
Cassandra?
She's not Cassandra.
Not anymore.
Maybe there's a way back for her,
when we get to California.
Maybe.
Is that some kind of
post-apocalyptic wagon train?
Well, it ain't the 3:10 to Yuma.
(GUNFIRE)
(GUNFIRE CONTINUES)
- Don't get out of the truck.
-lt's gonna be a slaughter.
Can't expect to travel through a valley
without an ambush.
Didn't nobody ever watch Westerns
growing up?
MAN: Roy, Clark, you're with me.
Get the hell out of my road!
Ugh!
(MOTOR RUNS)
He's coming around!
Watch your back!
- Here he comes!
-(GUNFIRE)
Oh!
MAN: There he goes!
There he goes!
- Fall back.
-(GUNFIRE)
Get back! Get back!
DOC: Looks like they're
holding 'em off, for now.
(LAUGHS) Not bad for
a bunch of sitting ducks.
Well, you think we should,
I dunno, help 'em?
Think less like a missionary
and more like a mercenary.
Let's wait and steal the vehicles
from the victor.
We may not be able
to save the world.
But maybe we can save them.
10K and Vasquez, that way.
Addy, you're with me.
Doc, you watch him. And her.
(GUNSHOT)
(ENGINE STARTS)
That's one way to play it.
- Good luck where you're going.
-(GUNSHOT)
(EERIE, DISTORTED SOUNDSCAPE)
(THEME MUSIC)
SONG: ♪ Have mercy... ♪
(GUNSHOTS)
♪ Oh, have mercy. ♪
(ZOMBIES MOAN)
(ADDY GASPS)
(MOANING CONTINUES)
ADDY: I'll get this.
On your toes, people!
They'll be back!
Sam Custer.
Roberta Warren.
Your timing is what
we might call fortuitous.
Sometimes things work out.
We were on our way to Edmonton,
trying to outrun the fallout.
- How about you?
- Headed east too.
This is quite a set-up
you got here.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, pre-Z,
I used to run long haul.
Diesel's easier to get
these days.
My son and I rebuilt the Charger
from the ground up.
The Comet, I used to drive
to high school my senior year.
My son and I were gonna rebuild
that '49 Willys Jeep.
This is my retirement now.
The refugees have shelter
and we carry what we need
when we find it.
-(COCKS GUN)
- Hey, you are one bad-ass lady.
You...you...you were like...
Boom!
Just...stone-cold killer.
(LAUGHS)
We call him Wrecking Ball.
He's my sister's boy.
Cheese slid off that cracker
a long time ago.
He fits in pretty well
these days, though.
- What's in Edmonton?
- Peace. Tranquillity.
And freezing temperatures.
Zombies hate the cold.
We're gonna be safe there.
All of us. Together.
- What about them?
- CUSTER: They're dying.
Radiation.
My, uh...
My job is to get everybody
to Edmonton.
Now, you're welcome
to come along with us.
You're not gonna get far
out here on foot.
And to be honest with you,
we could use the firepower.
WOMAN: You guys need
some more water?
Water? Water?
Thank you.
You're a hero, kid.
You know, um, you can have soup.
You know, you just add water.
Cream of shrooms, dude.
Water just dilutes the flavour.
You sure you don't want some?
I had minestrone loaf
for breakfast.
Hydration?
Is there somewhere else
you can sit?
Yep.
Kill 'em all
and take their stuff.
I already know what you think.
We've got strength in numbers.
Food, water, shelter.
- Certainly beats walking, but...
- But what?
But the sick - I highly doubt
they're gonna make it
to wherever it is
that they're going.
Edmonton.
That medical wagon
is a zombie bomb
waiting to go off.
(SNARLING)
Three days ago, we tangled
with some bounty hunters.
Bounty hunters, huh?
"We don't want to kill you,"
they said.
"We're just thirsty," they said.
But I think they were
out of their minds.
They kept rambling on
about some half-zombie,
half-man
with telekinetic powers.
Like a world overrun with
zombies isn't strange enough.
- Those...those crazy rumours.
- Let's get on the road.
Saddle up! Edmonton awaits!
Those guys were nuts.
Being able to control zombies
with your mind -
I mean, how bad-ass
would that be?
Um, supremely bad-ass?
Oh, he's a bad-ass.
You know,
I hear he can levitate.
- Ooh, levitate?
- Mm-hm.
You guys want to levitate,
I got what you need.
Z-Weed.
Z-Weed?
(LAUGHING AND COUGHING)
DOC: Wow, Wrecking Ball.
Colour me impressed.
You know what?
I got stoned with a zombie once.
Yeah.
I swear he caught a buzz too.
Where'd you say you got this?
I heard they grow it
in this abandoned agro lab
in Minneapolis.
They use zombies for compost.
-(LAUGHS) No way.
- Z-Weed.
(LAUGHS) What? Great idea.
That's the story as told to me.
I heard they're working
on an herbal zombie cure too.
A lab in Minneapolis, huh?
-(KNOCKING ON WINDOW)
-DOC: Oh, Jesus. (LAUGHS)
WRECKING BALL: Alright, hey.
Just be cool. I got this.
-(DOC LAUGHS)
- Shh. Shh.
(LAUGHS) What seems to be
the problem, Officer?
- Oh...
- Let's go. Let's go.
- Now!
- DOC: Oh, Jesus.
- OK.
- Alright, Dad.
(DOC AND MURPHY LAUGH)
Look at me.
Right here.
A jet airliner departs Toronto
headed for O'Hare.
Excuse me, stewardess?
Will there be snack service
on this flight?
(BOTH LAUGH)
150 passengers on board,
20 of them in first class.
The plane develops
catastrophic engine trouble.
The pilot puts it down
in Lake Erie.
The wreckage straddles
the international border.
Now, according to maritime law,
how many of the survivors
get buried in Canada?
Go!
OK, there's...there's
150 passengers.
There's 20 in first class.
Wait.
You don't bury survivors.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
You! Look at me.
You don't look right to me.
I don't know how I look,
but I feel pretty good.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Your friend has to ride in
the medical wagon with the sick.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what?
I don't even get a riddle?
We can afford compassion for the
ill only because we have rules.
That gonna be a problem?
No. Not a problem.
- Will there be snacks?
- Munchies!
(MURPHY AND DOC LAUGH)
Wagon train, ho!
(HORN HONKS)
Come on, girl.
This train is
leaving the station.
(PANTS)
(GRUNTS)
(CASSANDRA GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
Everyone, this is Cassandra.
Cassandra, this is...
uh, whatever.
She's shy.
You ever seen that before?
Things have gotten more peculiar
since the nukes fell.
Their brains eaten
before they turned?
Blasters eat nothing but brains.
Blasters?
Killed by the blast
or mutated by the radiation.
There's something wrong
with those zombies.
They hunt in packs,
ugly as they are fast.
They're probably watching us
right now.
(GROWLS)
- Warren, blasters!
-(COCKS GUN)
WARREN: Where? Where?
I'm glad I'm not on foot.
Gonna be a long ride
without no Z-Weed.
At least we won't
get thirsty, huh?
(CRIES)
Thank you.
Hey. Things will be better
in Edmonton, OK?
It's OK.
We all know what's coming.
-(SNARLING)
-(TWO GUNSHOTS)
-(GUNSHOTS)
-(SCREAMS)
-(SNARLS)
-(GUNSHOTS)
(SCREAMS)
ls this highway to hell
the only route?
Well, nothing
but flattened cities
and zombie hordes
in every direction.
So...the only way to go through
is just go straight through.
(GROWLS)
(COCKS RIFLE)
{GUNSHOT)
-(ZOMBIE GASPS)
(COCKS RIFLE)
(GROWLS)
(GAS PS)
-(GUNSHOT)
-(SCREAMS)
-3,098.
- You're one hell of a shot.
Z-Weed.
(EXHALES)
Ahhh.
Z-Weed.
(LAUGHS)
I feel something.
(MURPHY EXHALES)
Ahh!
(GUNFIRE)
(GUNSHOT)
Custer!
Hey! Move this thing!
One mile closer to Edmonton!
(LAUGHS)
The bandits will be back!
-(GUNFIRE)
- Oh!
- Drive!
- Hang on!
-(GUNFIRE)
- Oh, shit!
Oh!
- Thanks for that.
- De nada. I owed you.
Who can keep track?
-(GUNFIRE)
- Oh!
Now they're starting
to piss me off!
(GUNSHOT)
(GUNFIRE)
Where are the shooters
coming from?!
Just keep firing!
(GUNFIRE)
(GROANS)
-(GUN CLICKS)
-l'm out!
{GUNSHOT)
- Ugh!
(GROWLS)
Everybody wants
a piece of The Murphy.
(GUNFIRE)
Huddle up, everybody!
Get small!
(SNARLS)
MAN: Whoo-hoo!
Don't slow down!
MAN 2: Pull it over!
Pull the car over!
We just want the car!
- Should I pull over?
- Hell no!
Pull it over!
You'll be blaster food!
OK. They're dropping back.
MAN: Alright, come on! Let's go!
(BOTH EXCLAIM)
MAN: Pull over! Stop the car!
- WRECKING BALL: Ohh!
- Stop the car!
Stop the car!
BOTH: Ugh!
DOC: We've gotta go.
(YELLS INDISTINCTLY)
(SNARLS)
- Ugh! We gotta jump.
- Are you high?
Yes, I am.
But we still gotta bail.
(ENGINE REVS)
Take cover!
(GRUNTS)
Sonofa... You're not taking
my favourite car.
My son and I bought that car
from a repo man,
built it from the ground up.
I'll be damned if I'm gonna
let some common marauder
steal it in broad daylight.
Hey. You gotta pull over.
My people...your people
are falling behind.
- Why are we stopping?
-(DISTORTED STATIC)
(GROANS) Ah!
Doc! Doc!
We need to not be here.
Yeah? Well, I'm fine, Murphy.
Thanks for asking.
My clavicle
look alright to you?
Nobody move.
(SNARLING)
Damn it, I don't wanna die
by the roadside
in the dirt
with a jacked-up clavicle!
Doc, fat guy,
don't fricking move!
(SNARLING)
(MOANS)
ADDY: Can't you talk to them?
DOC: Addy...
Go start the truck.
- Why isn't it working?
- Addy, do as Murphy says.
Wait. THE Murphy?
Oh, crap.
I'm gonna start the truck.
I think that one's
mad at you, Murphy.
-(ENGINE SPUTTERS)
-(SNARLS)
Back to the truck.
Everybody, back to the truck!
(SQUEALS)
(MAN SCREAMS)
-(ENGINE CHURNS)
-(MUTTERS)
-(ENGINE SPUTTERS)
- Come on!
(ENGINE REVS)
(ZOMBIE SCREECHES)
She won't be going to Edmonton.
Sorry for your loss.
We're going after my car.
We need to go back
for the others.
Our water supply is in that car.
You put all of your water
in one car?
That man ain't right,
but I don't wanna be on foot
with those things out there.
So we borrow a car.
My bounty's back there.
Your bounty?
(ENGINE RUMBLES IN DISTANCE)
(EXHALES)
Addy!
Those blaster things,
they totally jammed Murphy.
He haywired.
Nobody here is safe.
- We'll be rolling directly.
- OK.
- Cover the medical wagon.
- Got it.
Custer, I am so sorry.
There were blasters,
and the bandits, they got our water.
Arggh!
You were supposed
to protect that car! And her!
That's Athena!
Oh, no, no. She was my friend.
She didn't like me,
but she wasn't mean to me either.
- She...
- Look at me.
Two mothers, two daughters.
They die of starvation,
they turn Z!
Athena's dead!
I can't think straight.
- What happens after 5 minutes...
- Look, look, man!
Things got pretty heavy
back there...
Hey, pipe down, hippie!
The radiation
gets the better of you,
you're a threat
to the whole group.
Minneapolis.
I can go to Minneapolis.
There's medicine there.
I'll...l'll bring it back.
- Take him to the medical wagon.
- I can still help!
Go on! Take him now!
Check yourself, Custer.
You don't look so good.
Hey. Hey.
It's time to move out.
You need to let that car go.
We gotta cut our losses.
Don't talk to me about losses.
Your plan's up.
Get ready, Doc.
We're making a move.
(SNARLING)
(GUNSHOT)
(SCREAMING)
-(SCREAMING IN DISTANCE)
- Oh, hell!
Warren, we got trouble!
- You OK?
- Yeah.
Come on.
We need to leave now.
We gotta get out of blasters country.
- Let's go!
- I think you might be right.
(STARTS ENGINE)
(HORN HONKS)
(WHIMPERS AND CRIES)
Will you just do it now?
I don't want
one of those blasters to get me.
I am not going
to let that happen.
I shouldn't be back here.
(STAMMERS)
Custer, he's...
he's gonna get us all killed.
Those stupid riddles of his...
He...he even banished his
own son to the medical wagon.
Custer lost his son
to the radiation?
I ain't dead yet.
This whole death wagon
is my fault.
I got too sick to drive.
The fool should've left me.
Oh!
This must be my lucky day.
Cassandra.
Cassandra!
Cassandra?
Are you in there?
Oh! (SNIFFS)
Uh... You got a little
something right here.
-(SQUELCHING)
- Oh!
Ugh...
Does it hurt?
I could use more Z-Weed.
Couldn't we all?
Do you think that Cassandra's
more dead than alive?
You mean
is she more Z than person?
Yeah, I guess.
I don't know, kid.
She kinda comes and goes.
Hey. Blasters can't be
too far behind.
You ready to ride?
Yeah. Gotta get through
to Edmonton.
-(CUSTER GROANS)
- Hey, are you good to drive?
Fit as a fiddle.
20 survivors of a nuclear attack
bound for Edmonton,
seven strangers
join the caravan,
three vehicles need a driver,
and the wagon master
is suffering from
radiation sickness.
- Who drives the semi truck?
- That's an easy one.
Nobody drives that rig but me.
(HAMMER CLICKS)
How about I drive that car?
Yeah, that'd work.
Careful. The brakes are touchy.
(ENGINE REVS)
Well, I did not
see that move coming.
Well, damn.
(ZOMBIES SNARL)
Oh, no.
Warren!
Warren! We gotta go!
Let's pick it up!
Here they come!
(TRIGGER CLICKS)
Zeke?
Zeke! ls he sleeping?
(SNARLS)
-(SCREAMS)
- No!
(WEAKLY) Hey, get off her.
(SCREAMS)
Uhh, uhh... (GROWLS)
(SCREECHING)
ADDY: Uhh...
Uhh...
- I really hate that one.
- Yeah.
Come on. Come on!
Let's go, man!
Don't stop for nothing!
(COUGHS)
Come on, you guys.
Go, go! Run, kid!
Addy, get out of there!
I got this.
Come on.
-(GUNSHOT)
- Oh, damn!
- Crap!
- Come on!
Where'd he go?
I think I got him.
Alright, nice shooting.
Move your ass. Come on!
Come on, Doc.
- Hey, are we slowing down?
- We need to not slow down!
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
Everybody, hang onto something!
Hey. How's it going back there?
- We need to go faster.
- What?!
- Clutch.
- What?
- Clutch!
-(ENGINE REVS)
MAN: Stop, stop!
Wagon trains, ho!
(LAUGHS) We made it.
Never a doubt.
(CHUCKLES)
Edmonton, here we come.
Oh, damn it.
Custer, there's too many Zs.
I gotta get to Edmonton.
My son and I
used to camp up there.
Boy, he loved to fish.
Doc, let me see your gun.
Zeke...l give you mercy.
Come on, man.
You ain't gonna make it.
You should come with us.
CUSTER: Oh!
- Clutch!
- Yep!
- CUSTER: Man...
-(HONKS HORN)
ADDY: Go! Go!
May God give you mercy.
We'll see you in Edmonton.
Arggh!
DOC: Hang on, Roberta!
-(MAN SCREAMS)
- WOMAN: Oh, my God!
VASQUEZ: Everybody off!
(HACKS AND COUGHS)
I've never jumped from
a moving vehicle my whole life,
and now, boom, twice in one day.
(TRUCK HORN BLARES)
(HORN ECHOES)
WRECKING BALL: I call shotgun!
OK, so you're, like, THE Murphy, then?
Like, for real?
Let's keep that information
to yourself, blabbermouth.
Hey. Let me see you levitate.
It's possible there may
have been some exaggeration
as to the extent
of my abilities.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, well, I knew that, like,
zombie mind control thing
was, like, totally bogus, so...
Ow! Hey.
She's, like, into
the rough stuff, man, like...
Wait.
Did you make her do that?
Oh, my God.
Ow! Alright, OK. I get it.
To some zombies,
I am their messiah.
To the blasters,
apparently I am their dinner, just like you.
Well, like, their brains
are totally melted,
so there's no psychic dial tone
going on up there.
But your zombie girlfriend there, man,
she, like...
That's your bite.
You turned her!
Oh, that scenario
has some serious implications, man.
You sure about Minneapolis?
Wrecking Ball was going on about
some herbal cure
for the zombie virus
being cooked up in an old
genetically modified food lab
out there.
Uh, hold on.
Marijuana, zombies and GMOs.
(SCOFFS) What could go wrong?
You people really do attract it,
don't you?
Help me with the hitch.
(BOOM!)
A caravan of 20 refugees
leaves Seattle's blast zone
for Edmonton.
They meet six survivors
and one Murphy.
How many refugees survive?
Not one.
MURPHY: You have any more
of that Z-Weed?
Oh... Sorry, dude. Mn-mn.
You understand
why nobody likes you, right?
- Oh, yeah.
- Good. Then look again.
Oh, here it is.
Hold the wheel.
Thanks. I needed that.
So...tell me again
about this lab in Minneapolis.
Well, you know what? You'll see
for yourself when we get there.
I know the guy. He'll give us a tour.
'Cause we're a team now.
He'll let all of us go through there -
we're gonna go out there
and take on the world
together and stuff, man.
It's, like, the three of us
from now on.
We are like
the Three Caballeros, man!
WRECKING BALL:
Why is she looking at me that way?
(LAIDBACK COUNTRY MUSIC)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org